JavaScript MA03
----------------
Level 2

1. In your own words, describe what JavaScript Code Style is.
JavaScript Code Style is a guideline for programming. When naming variables and functions, the names that identify them is written in camelCase. That means it allways start with a lowercase letter and      change to uppercase for the next words with no space between them. When using operators like = + - * /, we allways put a space around them. The same is for after commas. When writing codeblocks we use 2 spaces from the left. Simple statements allways end with a semicolon. The rules for complex statements is to put the opening curly bracket at the end of the first line, and putting one space before. The closing bracket is put on a new linewithout space. Complex statements don't end with a semicolon.

2. What is a Regular Expression?
A regular expression is a pattern. It uses special code to detect patterns in string of   text. The syntax is to put a forward slash / at the start and the end.

3. What does the .random() method do?
The .random() method returns a random number between 0 and 1. It's syntax is Math.random();

4. What does the .sort() method do?
The .sort() method sorts the elements of an array. It's syntax is array.sort();5. What does the .reverse() method do?

5. What does the .reverse() method do?
The .reverse() method reverses the elements of an array. The first element becomes the last and the last becomes first. It's syntax is array.reverse();

6. List two examples of bad JavaScript code.
-JavaScript will turn one of the values to be the same when using the double equal sign. 

if ("6" == 6) //return true

-Not using the var statement to define variables, then the variables will be a part of the global scope.

foo = 3; // NO
var foo = 3; // YES

7. What data types can a JSON object contain?
A JSON object can contain these six datatypes: Objects, Arrays, Strings, Numbers, Booleans, Null.

8. What is minifying JavaScript Code?
It is removing all unnecessary characters from code to save space, but not changing their functionality. Like white space, new line and comments.

9. What is a global variable?
A global variable is a variable that is defined outside of functions. A global variable can be used by any function, and this can cause trouble in your code. Meaning that if the gobal variable is changed (by using it in a function and assigning a value to it inside the function), it will change the global variable.
